My punch was a punch
Just think of it as a special wall
Break a little bit
He's almost got a lot of money
You are so brave
Dare to mess around with Luo Keyi's alchemists
I just didn't take Luo Keys seriously.
I don't think you put Luo's key in your eyes at all
Luo Keyi, you must not let him go
God
This man grabbed the gun and was punched into a big hole
Alchemist is pharmacist Luo
It was built for people at a high cost.
But this wall is insulated from heat and moisture.
Effects such as burning silver and digging insects
But where is he a wall?
The villagers are hitting the face of the key
It is an alchemist who spends a lot of money to build an alchemist
Turtle, I see what compensation you get now
after all
What are you doing?
This is not what I want to do.
It's this turtle
Since
The alchemist who spent a lot of money to build Apothecary Luo
Make a pothole
How much does it cost to make up a hole? I paid for it for him.
You help him get out of the temple
Don't blame me for not warning you
This pharmacy
But Medicine Master Luo spent a lot of money on his lover to build it
Do you know how much it costs?
And this is Luo Keyi.
He is angry now
You should know.
Luo Keyi, please speak
Let me tell you something.
Now Luo Keyi wants to clean up this turtle alone
Just wait and see the play
I don't know everything.
Xiao Fan, did you practice?
What do you think?